On the left-hand side here, you can see the message window again which we just saw,
ChatLogic with all the arrows going out and coming
in and the new stuff is on the right here.
So let's have a look at what we find here.
ChatLogic is found in chatlogic.h of course as well as dot CPP.
The old texts entries here are
member variables of the respective clauses which are owned by the clauses.
So we have an ownership relation here.
The non-goal here are only handles to other instances,
so we don't have an ownership.
So ChatLogic owns a couple of nodes and the nodes here,
these are the nodes in the antigraph which you just saw on the previous slide,
through which the chatbot moves and which is constructed from this antigraph.txt of file.
The method which is responsible for constructing this entire network,
this is called Load Answer Graph from file.
This basically sets up the entire network and connects nodes with edges.
Apart from that, we have a pointer to a current node,
so when we make the walk through the existing code we will see what this is all about.
We have a pointer or a handle to the chatbot and we
have a handle to the panel dialogue which is this one here.
So ChatLogic so to speak,
serves as an intermediary class between the graphical user interface on
the left side and the chatbot on the far right side,
from which the answer has to be retrieved.
The messaging functions are called,
send a message to user this basically takes the reply that chatbots has generated,
sends it back to the user and then the answer is displayed
here as yellow box in the graphical user interface.
When you enter a question and post it to the chatbot,
this is sent to the chatbot by the method sent message to chatbot.
In order to retrieve the information as well
as to send the new information to the chat box,
you need to handle to the chatbot too.
One-shot info with regard to the structure.
This is the structure as it is supposed to be after you have made the changes.
When you look at the student version of the code,
you will find a few differences here and there,
especially with regard to the edges which we will shortly talk about.
But this is the structure as it's supposed to be after you have
successfully implemented all the tasks which I will shortly layout to you.
But before we do this, let's move on to the rest of the structure.
We have a couple of nodes, graphnode.h.
In a node, we have a number of edges which are the edges leading to child nodes.
So all the nodes which come after a certain note has been reached for example,
I want to know more about pointers,
then the chatbot moves to the respective node.
Based on my position at node pointers,
I have various options.
For example, ask about smart pointers,
ask about the null pointer and these subsequent questions are
the children of the current node and the edges leading
to those children are stored in child edges.
As you can see, it's printed in bold.
So this means we have an ownership relation here.
Graph node owns the edges which are
leading to its children as opposed to the parent edges.
So of course, a graph node also has preceding edges.
For example, when I move to the node pointers,
I started at the root node and the root note is the parent node to
the node which I'm currently at and it's connected
to the current node by an edge and this is the parent edge.
We have handles for parent edges but node does not own the edges which led to it.
Another very important handle here is the chatbot handle.
As you saw, the chatbot was represented by the red circle and it moved from node to node.
So we have a passing of ownership here.
When the chatbot moves away from a certain node,
it forfeit its ownership,
the node from which it moves away loses ownership of the chatbot.
It moves to the next node and this node accepts the ownership of
the chatbot and the chatbot handle at the previous node gets invalidated.
So the chatbot moves through this network just as we have seen in the animation.
The edges are not that much.
We have a couple of keywords,
so based on the keywords which are contained in an edge,
we can decide in which direction the user might want to move forward to.
So if I have an edge associated with
a keyword smart pointers and we detect the term smart pointers in the user query,
it's highly probable that the user wants to mobile smart pointers.
Then this edge which has that certain keyword
get selected and we move along this edge to the next node.
What I forgot to say, in graph nodes,
also the answers which the chat bot can give are contained here in this variable answer.
So the answers you saw in the blue rectangles in the graphical user interface,
this text which was printed to the chatbot way,
this was contained in answers and this is owned by each node.
Okay, but back to the edges.
Apart from those two items here which an edge owns,
keywords and an ID,
we also have a handle to
the subsequent node and the preceding node which is the parent node.
Finally, before we finish with the structure,
we have the chatbot itself.
The chatbot is responsible for
handling an image and the image which is printed on board here,
this is the image you can see on the left side of the chatbot itself.
So for the sake of showing you how memory handling on the heap works,
which was one major item which we covered in this course,
the chatbot will be responsible for handling its own image.
So the image you see here has been allocated on the heap and
it's only within this chatbot structure which moves through the entire network.
So we always have to make sure that when the chatbot moves,
the handle to this heap allocated image is not
lost but saved in a meaningful manner for example,
base move semantics so that the chatbot image gets displayed here with
each new answer despite the chatbot having been moved from one node to the next.
Apart from this, we have a pointer to the current node,
a pointer to the root node because once we
reach a node which has no children leading a way,
the chatbot is reset to the start of the network again and in order to do this,
we have to keep a handle of the root node here.
Apart from this, we have a pointer to the ChatLogic instance.
This is a requirement for being able to pass messages back to
the graphical user interface and this method here receive message from user.
This is important for generating the response which
the chatbot gets from the user and which has to be sent back to the ChatLogic.
So as soon as we have received a message by this method here,
send a message to chatbot,
a certain reply is generated according to the chatbot's current position in
the network and sent back to the user via this method here.
So that's the basic structure.
So we have a couple of major classes.
We have ChatLogic, we have graph node,
we have graph edge and we have the chatbot.edge.
Everything GUI related is inside the clause or the file chatgui.h which
actually contains a couple of classes but which are proprietary to
wxWidgets which we do not have to discuss at length here.